#Some of the things I enjoyed:
I enjoyed every step of creating the website because as I started coding for it, I saw the different columns being converted to relevant data and the different tables, graphs and filtered sections forming. Every error was a learning curve because it was allowing me to know what mistake I need to fix and the ways I could approach to fix them. 

#Some of the challenges I faced:
It was very hard to get the relevant data from CDC, WHO and GWAS. intiially I uploaded the websites that would allow the live data to be retrieved but that was causing a lot of trouble and instead of showing graphs and data from those websites, it was using the fallback data that is included as a backup if the data does not load, so no graphs or helpful information could be retrieved. That is when I realzied that it might be better to download data sets that can be read through the code. It was not hard to find the right data sets but it was hard to clean the data from the respective files and make them smaller so that it could be uploaded to GitHub. It was a challenge to download the right kind of CDC file and it took several tries to get the code to be able to read the file without any errors. Futhermore, for the WHO data I was not fully able to portray each disease because there was a limitation to the file size. But overall this challenge did help me learn how to work around the excel format and upload the right files. I was also able to overcome the specific disease recognizaton through just combining it into one section which is refered to as the Adult mortality rate on the map. 
Another challenge was the global map representation because not many areas were being highlighted, but through several code changes I was able to make sure that the right areas were being represented, and also make sure that no areas were being left out. But I do still think there could have been a better way to represent the map that I could not think of. 

#Was I able to create my original vision of the project 
Yes, I was able to represent my original vision of the project, but I did realize that while working on it that I did explain the vision a little incorrectly. This is because the project would not help alert people to avoid certain areas instead it would share what areas cause people to have certain diseases more frequently than others. This would help them realize how efficiently the medicine department has been able to handle the prevalence of the disease and how it has impacted lives over the years. It would also help the research teams and the doctors to realize some of the SNPs that are related to the disease and hopefully guide them towards an approach in which they can handle the disease progression in the coming years. 
